I made a wrong turn but since we're here
I'll warm you with my heart this macho
flash Pacho nothing about is this make I
wonder I never I didn't know when I what
hey listen you still watch Mike oh right
kid yeah I put a couple of new buttons
on it for you did you say
Oh what is it Glasgow Joe the cold is
coming smarter just created one time I
want that ah cold the cold cold water
makes my lip lover will well first I get
the Mammoth's coat and smarter and older
than you were and larger who a lot
larger but to be fair I hereby declare
whomever performs the best in Ice
Capades wins their coat then I will ice
capade like I've never ice capade before
Oh ladies first and I will win because
I'm smarter and older and redundant name
friend I've big is aware ok blend I've
bigs will ice capade for the coat
that's good real good
yeah Terry Turner I just can't
again yeah guitar well when you put it
that way
what I need that coat for my late
brother
by my future
well you don't kick your brain freezer
cold enjoy
okay who ruined that good times
Oh I mean look everyone counters back to
normal